So far we've developed scripts to list articles view individual ones edit them and add new ones.
What's missing is the ability to delete existing articles.
Let's add a script to do that and call it delete Article doppie HP unlike adding new articles are editing
existing ones.
We don't need a farm with input controls where we supply data to be inserted are dated.
Instead we're just going to run the required esky well to delete their rijkaard.
We do need to identify the record though which we can do in the same way we do it here in the edit article
script.
So let's copy this code.
And paste it in a new script.
So at this point we know the article exists with the idae coming from the query string.
So here we can run the esky well to delete it.
Unlike when we're editing an article we don't have any validation to do but we are inserting the idea
into the esky well so we'll use a prepared statement.
So let's copy this code.
And paste it in a new script.
Let's change the esky well.
From an update statement to a delete statement with a place holder for the idea.
We dont need to do anything with the published at variable so we can delete these lines.
And the only parameter we need to bind is the idae which we bind as an integer.
Just like when we're using the escudo update statement.
If executing the statement is successful we can't redirect to show the individual article because we
just deleted it.
So let's redirect back to the index page like that.
Let's add a link to this new page to the article page.
Like that passing in the I.D. of the article.
We went to the late in the query string.
Let's give that a try.
Here in the database we can see all the records in the article table.
If we select an article and click delete We are redirected back to the index page and the article we
just clicked.
Isn't there.
And in the database table we can see it's been deleted.